Hello everybody, and
welcome to the tutorial.
Today I've decided to do something a bit
more fun to ease the path, so to say.
And we're gonna be doing some sort of
thing that people generally do for
April Fool, or something of a kind.
Basically you've got to modify
the browsing information of
anybody that you can spoof,
who's art you can spoof.
What this means is that you can
actually affect how they view websites.
For example you can flip all images on
a website upside down or you can insert
text, or perhaps you can add extra words
to Google search, or I don't know.
You can do some crazy things like change
language settings to something ridiculous,
like there are these fictional languages,
something from Star Trek,
I do believe that I found it on the net,
a small script, that actually
changes your language settings to
Klingon while browsing the internet.
[LAUGH] Can you just
imagine reading anything,
trying to read something, or trying to
translate it back, or something of a kind.
That wouldn't really be fun.
Anyway, even though this is primarily for
fun, this part anyway,
you still, of course,
would need a permission, unless you are on
your own wireless or something of a kind.
Anyway, I have a small instruction
script for myself here, just so
that I don't mess anything
up during this procedure.
I have already done it, and
it seems to work to a good extent.
Some of the scripts, they won't always
work, but a good amount of the time,
you will be able to achieve what you want.
Anyway, first of all,
we need something called Squid.
And Squid is a proxy.
So let me just show you, apt-cache search
squid, and I'm gonna say 3.
Also you might have noticed
that I am back in Kali Linux.
And Kali Linux comes with a lot
of these tools pre-installed so
I don't need to go through a lot
of hassle or something like that.
And the configuration is a bit simpler
as you have a set of predefined here.
Also, I don't need direct access to
wireless for this sort of an attack.
Anyway, we're gonna need to install Squid.
You can see here squid3,
full featured web proxy cache, HTTP proxy.
In order to install it, opps, not yum,
type in app-get install,
and then Squid3 -y.
Press Enter and this will install it.
I'm not going to press Enter now
because I already have it installed.
That is one of the tools which we
are going to need but there is more.
You will need Apache Web Server for this.
So, again with the yum, apt-get search and
we're gonna need apache.
Apache is a well known,
oops, it's not get it's.
Apache, sorry.
Apache is a well known web server used
by the majority of the world today.
I don't know what percentage
of user actually uses Apache,
but lately there was some other web
servers which became really popular.
For example, Nginx,
that's gained in popularity really fast.
Apparently it's a lot faster.
I can't find the exact name of the package
here but it doesn't really matter.
Look, just type in yum, oops again.
Just type in apt-get install apache2.
Press Enter and then there you go.
It says that Apache2 is already
the newest version, and
that doesn't really, oh,
wait, I need 62 upgrades.
It doesn't matter, I'm not going
to do any of the upgrades now.
But anyway,
this is the command to install it.
Apache2 is the name of the package.
I could have found it
in the list up there,
but figured I would just save some time
and give you the direct command for
you to install it so that we don't
have too much of a time loss there.
Anyway, go ahead and clear the screen.
The next thing that you're going
to need is a bunch of scripts
and I do believe I have them here.
No, not these scripts.
Hm, where do you suppose they are?
Well, okay I do have them but
they're on my clipboard.
Okay, so it's apt-get -y Install,
and you need these three programs.
So imagemagick, ghostscript, and jp2a.
I've written for myself here,
ghostscript optional.
You will only need ghostscripts for
certain scripts that we're
gonna download from the net.
Not sure exactly which ones but
you can just install it,
it doesn't take a lot of space and
it doesn't take a lot of time.
Let me just see if I have all of them
installed and yes I do have all three
of them installed here so no problems
there but if you don't just go ahead and
run the same command, of course, and
you will have it installed no problems.
Just go ahead and clear the screen.
Anyway, those three tools,
we are going to need in order
to actually perform this attack.
So let's go over them one more time.
It's Squid, Apache, and these last
three scripts that I have shown you.
Not three scripts, sorry,
I keep on calling them scripts.
They're script,
well this one is a script interpreter.
And this is actually, I don't know,
this is just a program for
manipulating images on the Web or
something of a kind.
Anyway, so these three as well, and then
we will be able to perform this attack.
Make sure that you have
them all installed.
We don't need to configure anything,
we will do the configuration in the next
tutorial, but make sure that you
have all three of them installed.
Before you start watching the next
tutorial because there I will actually go
into the configuration and we will see
what we need to do in order to prepare.
Some of the things we've already done,
if you've kept the configuration
from the previous tutorials.
But if not,
you're gonna need to do a few things here.
Anyway, I bid you all farewell, and
I hope to see you in the next tutorial.